About the job
Job Description: We are seeking a skilled System Administrator to join our IT team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in system administration, virtualisation with understanding Office 365 experience and a passion for maintaining and optimising IT infrastructure. As a System Administrator, you will play a critical role in ensuring the stability, security, and efficiency of our systems


Key Responsibilities:

Monitor and ensure the health, performance, and security of servers, networks, and systems. 
Perform regular system updates, patches, and backups. 
Troubleshoot and resolve hardware, software, and network issues. 
Log and track incident and service requests in ticketing system, ensures timely resolution and escalation when necessary. 
Handling SecurView virtualisation infrastructure. 
Install, configure, and manage active directory, group policy, DNS, DHCP, and other core services. 
Support end-users by providing technical assistance and resolving IT-related problems. 
Patch Management and compliance. 
Anti-Virus/ EDR Management and host compliance. 
Maintain IT documentation, including system configurations, procedures, and user guides. 
Managing different vendors for IT requirements 
Ensure compliance with IT policies, security protocols, and best practices. 
Perform user onboarding and off boarding processes, including account creations, access provisioning, and software installations 
Participate and collaborate with other team members to implement IT projects and improvements. 
System OS installation, configuration and maintenance. 
Active Directory Management 
Manage and maintain Office 365 environment, including user accounts, permissions, and email services. 
Install, configure, and maintain servers, storage systems, and other infrastructure components. 
Monitor system performance and troubleshoot issues, ensuring maximum uptime and reliability. 
Perform routine maintenance tasks, such as system updates, patches, and backups. 
Experience with databases, networks (LAN, WAN), and patch management. 
Co-ordinate with Network Security monitoring team for Incident resolution 
Manage user accounts, permissions, and access controls. 
Provide technical support and guidance to end users and other staff. 
Participate in on-call rotation and respond to after-hours emergencies as needed. 
Stay current with industry trends and best practices in system administration. 
Troubleshoot hardware, software, and network issues, escalating to appropriate teams when necessary. 
Set up and maintain user accounts and access permissions. 
Monitor system performance and respond to alerts. 


Requirements
1+ years of experience in system administration or a similar role. 
Bachelor’s degree in information technology, Computer Science, or related field 
Proficiency in Windows and Linux server administration. 
Experience with network management and troubleshooting (TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, VPN, etc.). 
Excellent communication and customer service skills 
Understanding of virtualization technologies like VMware. 
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail. 
Strong communication, interpersonal and analytical skills. 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team. 
Experience with hardware troubleshooting and repair. 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team. 
Relevant certifications (e.g., Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator, Red Hat Certified Engineer,). will be added advantage. 



